docs: normalize CI list (#532)
joerick/cibuildwheel: README.md

<sup>² Only supported on Travis</sup><br>
<sup>³ Beta support until Travis CI fixes <a href="https://travis-ci.community/t/no-space-left-on-device-for-system-z/5954/11">a bug</a></sup><br>

- Builds manylinux, macOS, and Windows wheels for CPython and PyPy
- Works on GitHub Actions, Azure Pipelines, Travis CI, AppVeyor, CircleCI, and GitLab CI
- Bundles shared library dependencies on Linux and macOS through [auditwheel](https://github.com/pypa/auditwheel) and [delocate](https://github.com/matthew-brett/delocate)
- Runs the library test suite against the wheel-installed version of your library

Usage
-----

> `cibuildwheel` currently works on **GitHub Actions**, **Azure Pipelines**, **Travis CI**, **AppVeyor**, **CircleCI**, and **GitLab CI**. Check the table below for supported platforms on each service:

Reviewer: This reference seems especially redundant, given the info is in the table below.
```suggestion
`cibuildwheel` runs inside a CI service. Supported platforms depend on which service you're using:
```

          path: ./wheelhouse/*.whl
```

> For more information, including building on Python 2, PyPI deployment, and the use of other CI services like Azure Pipelines, Travis CI, AppVeyor, CircleCI, and GitLab CI, check out the [documentation](https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.org) and the [examples](https://github.com/joerick/cibuildwheel/tree/master/examples).

Reviewer: We could also remove the CI service listing here, if you like?

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, including building on Python 2, PyPI deployment, and the use of other CI services, check out the [documentation](https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.org) and the [examples](https://github.com/joerick/cibuildwheel/tree/master/examples).
```
